# CS330

How to approach designing software?
  The skills that we learned from CS-330 helped in taking things in a step-by-step form. I learned quickly trying to do everything all at one time will put me behind in work. We built everything from the base up. We needed to make sure the fundamentals work like the shapes and meshes work before we work on positioning or lights. I would think that taking things in a oragnized and formed way would help in my work as a security administrator. It could help with dissecting malicious programs. 

How do you approach developing programs?
  With developing the programs it was much harder with making a cohesive scene. I needed to ask more questions than what I originally did with previous classes. With the help of Brian Battersby answering my question, I was able to form a working program. Albeit the program right now is a crude but can be refined into something better looking. Working in iteration was extremely helpful. We worked with getting the objects placed and removing which we did not need. After that we worked with textures and lighting. Thankfully working in iterations helped in the completion of the project. It didn't seem as daunting of a task to go in steps rather having just and end goal of building the project.

How can Computer Science help me in reaching my goals?
  Working with computational graphics and visualitzation gave me an appreciation of the craft. I can see it being fun to have a second degree in modeling for program creation after this computer engineering degree. I never want to stop progressing my knowledge so I am going to focus on CompTIA certifications and may look into a second degree. For my professional path it can help with things like dissecting programs and see how it works. One recently that I had from a client was an HTML file that led to a fake microsoft site that wanted you to login. It was a mostly empty except at the very bottom it had the malicious payload. This class helped with identifying and locating code. 
